docs: Runbook for deploying the application (#324)
navapbc/labs-decision-support-tool: docs/runbook-cheat-sheet.md

1. Commit all of the changes and new files created from these steps and push them to the `main` branch of the repository. This will trigger an automatic deploy.

If you didn't configure a domain name, you can find an autogenerated URL: from the GitHub `Deploy App` action, find the `service_endpoint` in the logs, which will look something like e.g., `http://app-dev-550258846.us-east-1.elb.amazonaws.com`. 

## Ingesting and refreshing data in the chatbot

1. Navigate to the `/app` directory within the repo in your local terminal
1. Set `CONTENT_HUB_SPACE_ID` both in `.env` and in your local environment, with `export CONTENT_HUB_SPACE_ID="space_id_here" && export CONTENT_HUB_ACCESS_TOKEN="access_token_here"`
1. Run the refresh ingestion script: `./refresh-ingestion.sh all`.
1. The refresh ingestion script will create two files, `refresh-dev-*.sh` and `refresh-prod-*.sh`, where `*` reflects the timestamp that ingestion was run. Running these scripts (e.g., `./refresh-dev-*.sh`) will push the data to the corresponding AWS environment.

> ## Deploying new versions of the chatbot

Reviewer: Should they create a `Release` first?

Author: Good call, added this detail!

By default, commits to `main` automatically trigger a deployment to the `dev` environment. If you also have a production environment available, you can manually trigger deploys to it using the `Deploy App` workflow at https://github.com/<YOUR_REPO_NAME>/actions/workflows/cd-app.yml:

1. Click the `Run workflow` button
1. Ignore the `Use workflow from` dropdown
1. Select the environment you want to deploy to under `Environment to deploy to`

> 1. Select the code you'd like to deploy under `Tag or branch or SHA to deploy` (usually `main`)

Author: ```suggestion
1. Select the code you'd like to deploy under `Tag or branch or SHA to deploy`
    1. For simplicity, you could use `main` here, but it's often useful to cut a specific release so you can keep track of the code. GitHub has a built in feature to create new releases from branches into tags, and you can enter the tag name here after generating the release.
```
